## Atelier 12
Afin de donner accès Internet aux machines virtuelles, il faudra démarrer la machine virtuelle "**MT17B-WS2016-NAT**"
## Module 12, lab 1, tâche 1
Steps for creating Office 365 trial subscription:
1. On LON-CL1, open the Internet Explorer browser from the taskbar.
1. Open the https://products.office.com/en-us/business/office-365-enterprise-e5-business-software URL, and then click the Free trial link.
1. On the Thank you for choosing Office 365 E5 page, enter a current working email address that has not been used as an Office 365 account
	>You should be asked to create a new account. If this message does not appear, use a different email address.  
1. Select Set up account.
1. On the Tell us about yourself page, complete the following fields and then select Next:
	> First name: Your first name  
	Last Name: Your last name  
	Business phone number: A phone number you that can receive SMS messages for account confirmation  
	Company name: Adatum  
	Your company size: 250-999  
	Country or region: United States  
1. On the Tell us about yourself page, select Text me, confirm the phone number listed, and then select Send verification code.
1. In the Enter your verification code field, type the 6-digit code sent to your mobile device and then select Verify.
1. On the Create your business identity page, type  Adatumyyxxxxx (for example, Adatum091976) in the yourbusiness text box, select Check availability, and then select Next.
1. In the Name field, type the user name of your choice in the User name text box, choose a password and type it in the New password and Confirm password text boxes, and then select Sign up.
1. On the Save this info. You’ll need it later page, ensure that you save your Microsoft Online user ID data, and then click Go to setup.
	>Your user ID will be in the format: username@Adatumyyxxxxx.onmicrosoft.com. Ensure that you write it down because you will use this account as a global admin account for your Azure AD tenant.
1. On the Personalize your sign-in and email page, select Exit and continue later.
1. Ensure that the Office 365 portal opens.
1. Leave the Internet Explorer browser window open.